we're so close I reckon no more than 40
feet away
look at that that's what these hives
look like massive combs just hanging off
the cliff this one's obviously fallen
down and the broods been lost and the
honey's all being taken these things are
so heavy because it packed with honey
that's a that's a fairly smallish one up
there twice if not three times the size
these combs can grow up to three meters
in length and now when they're full of
honey can weigh as much as 50 kilos you
definitely wouldn't want one falling on
your head
[Music]
what I love is how the bees all work for
one another just like in my hives each
bee has its role some workers have the
job of collecting food that's pollen as
well as nectar they buzz amongst the
colony their bee dances pointing others
in the direction of the food source
other workers are detailed to gather
water it helps keep the colony cool they
share the water around drop by drop
others stand around fanning their wings
another way to reduce the heat
if the waxy combs get too hot they can
actually melt and fall off the cliff a
disaster for any bee colony
right now the combs are at the most
impressive bursting with bees and honey
[Music]
you